# GripX-PrivacyPolicy

## What information do you collect ?
Information about Discord objects (guilds, users, channels etc.) may be stored to provide the services. These are usually stored as their unique snowflake generated by Discord, allowing **GripX** to retrieve information about them through Discord’s API. All information stored on these objects are not end user data and may be excluded from data deletion requests.

Message content is cached in memory to provide some features but is never stored outside of this cache unless for debugging purposes.**GripX** does not store full message content on disk for any reason not related to providing the service.

## Where is this data stored ?
Any data collected by **GripX** is stored in the secure databases located in the server the bot is hosted on. This data is only accessible to the bot owner(s) and the hosting provider.

Periodic backups of the database are taken as a safety precaution to prevent data loss.

As for third-party services, we cannot guarantee where the data is stored therefore we are unable to guarantee data will not be processed or stored in certain locations.

## Why is the said data collected ?
The information received and stored is used in accordance with this privacy policy. This data is solely used to provide and improve our services.

**We do not sell or share any data we collect.**

## How long is the data stored ?
All data will be deleted permanently upon removal of the bot from the guild. Any data cached in memory is either stored until the bot restarts or cleared on regular intervals.

## Deletion of data

You can contact us at our [Support Server](https://discord.gg/pyar) to request deletion of your data.

**We may add, remove or edit this Privacy Policy anytime. We encourage you to check our privacy policy regularly.**

